Added Axolotl API (#1841)
public-apis/public-apis: README.md

### Animals
API | Description | Auth | HTTPS | CORS |
|---|---|---|---|---|

> | [Axolotl API](https://theaxolotlapi.netlify.app/) | Collection of axolotl pictures and facts | No | Yes | Unkown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Axolotl](https://theaxolotlapi.netlify.app/) | Collection of axolotl pictures and facts | No | Yes | Unknown
```

`API` shouldn't be in the name
